Review1:Here's the deal. Programming is tough no matter who you take it with. But a lot of it can be made easily understandable with the right professor. Imad is that prof. He's very clear and trys to make programming as fun as possible. Go to class, take notes, be active and you'll have no trouble with the homework assignments. Definitely recommend.

Review2:Good guy but as a teacher he is useless. He really doesn't know how to teach. He writes a bunch of calls on the board and then tells you you can find more about them on the internet. Doesn't follow the follow the book and he is trying to teach you 3d while using a blackboard but i don't blame him for that one its the fact that CS dept is tiny.

Review3:Enthusiastic and inspiring lectures. Material may be challenging for those with limited experience in programming. That being said, Antonios is good at explaining things. Home tasks were difficult and constitute a large % of overall grade. Prof. always comes to class in a good mood and answers all questions. Hes also great with office hours.

Review4:Very good teacher. He have a deep knowlegde of the subject and he explains it very well. Yes project are tough and you need to exersie you brain, but that's what we are in school for. Well I leaned a lot in this class. He is the best teacher in School.

Review5:I had him for this class years ago and it was not a real OS class. He graded fairly and taught the curriculum given to him as a new Prof. This semesters OS class was totally different. I am jealous of the interesting and practical projects they are getting. He made the course much better.

Review6:Great professor, can be difficult if you dont take interest in the subject but he is very helpful and willing to meet you half way. And you learn a lot more in his class then any other professor in the computer science department at southern.. for the first time in 4 years im actually learning real programming finally!!!

Review7:All I have to say is this teacher is by far the worst teacher ever at SCSU. He claimed that in the beginning of the class you will learn and no previous knowledge is needed for this class. Thank god I took another CSC course, but I am still lost. WORST TEACHER EVER DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!! Stay and extra semester before you take his class.

Review8:Imad is a great teacher. One of the most inspired professors I've had. Even though 431 is a computational geometry heavy class, as long as you demonstrate you understand how the different parts of the algorithms work he doesn't care if your answers are off. Definitely take if you are interested in 3d programming, webGL, art, or math.